CSS

1. What are the main differences between external, internal, and inline CSS?
    external is all written on a separate page which is linked to html page
    internal is all listed within style tag of html head
    inline is listed as an attribute to each individual html element
2. What is the syntax for class and ID selectors?
    .class and #id
3. How would you apply a single rule to two different selectors?
    selector1, selector2 {rule}
4. Given an element that has an id of title and a class of primary, how would you use both
attributes for a single rule?
    .primary, #title {rule}
5. What does the descendant combinator do?
    A descendant combinator will only cause elements that match the last selector to be selected, if
    they also have an ancestor (parent, grandparent, etc.) that matches the previous selector.
6. Between a rule that uses one class selector and a rule that uses three type selectors,
which rule has the higher specificity?
    class selector
7. From inside to outside, what is the order of box-model properties?
    content, padding, border, margin
8. What does the box-sizing CSS property do?
    the property box-sizing set to "border-box" turns on the alternative box model for an element
9. What is the difference between the standard and alternative box model?
    the standard box model adds space around the content to create margin and padding
    the alternative box model keeps the box width the same and shrinks the content to add margin and padding
10. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between 2 elements?
    margin
11. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between the contents of an
element and its border?
    padding
12. Would you use margin or padding if you wanted two elements to overlap each other?
    I would use a negative margin
13. What is the difference between a block element and an inline element?
    block elements take up the whole line and stack on top of each other
    inline elements appear on the same line as other elements they are next to
14. What is the difference between an inline element and an inline-block element?
    Inline-block elements behave like inline elements, except that they have padding and margins that behave like a
    block element’s ones.
15. Is an h1 block or inline?
    block
16. Is button block or inline?
    inline
17. Is div block or inline?
    block
18. Is span block or inline?
    inline
19. What’s the difference between a flex container and a flex item?
    a flex container is any element that has the property display: flex
    a flex item is any child element of a flex container
20. How do you create a flex item?
    add display:flex property to its parent element
21. What are the 3 values defined in the shorthand flex property?
    flex-grow flex-shrink flex-basis
22. How do you make flex items arrange themselves vertically instead of horizontally?
    flex-direction: column
23. What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?
    justify-content aligns items along the main axis
    align-items aligns items along the cross axis
24. How do you use flexbox to completely center a div inside a flex container?
    justify-content: center,  align-items: center
25. What’s the difference between justify-content: space-between and justify-content:
space-around?
    justify-content: space-between creates an equal space between each child element
    justify-content: space-around creates an equal space between the container and each child element